README.md, before:

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135619-d90f2f28-7d12-11e8-8823-82b970a54d7e.gif "Trained Agent"

# Navigation

### Introduction

In this project, an agent was trained to navigate and collect yellow bananas in a large square world.

![Trained Agent][image1]

A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana.  Thus, the goal of the agent is to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.  

The state space has 37 dimensions and contains the agent's velocity, along with ray-based perception of objects around agent's forward direction.  Given this information, the agent has to learn how to best select actions.  Four discrete actions are available, corresponding to:
- **`0`** - move forward.
- **`1`** - move backward.
- **`2`** - turn left.
- **`3`** - turn right.

The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, the agent must get an average score of +13 over 100 consecutive episodes. The reward goal can be modified by adjusting the REWARD_GOAL in train_agent.py if desired.

### Getting Started

1. Set up conda environment using the following instructions: https://github.com/udacity/Value-based-methods#dependencies
2. Install seaborn for plotting (pip install seaborn)
3. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

    (_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agent on AWS (and have not [enabled a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md)), then please use [this link](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux_NoVis.zip) to obtain the environment.

3. Place the file in the folder with this README and unzip (or decompress) the file.
4. Based on which file was downloaded for your operating system, update ENV_PATH to the "OS folder/environment file" (e.g. Banana_Windows_x86_64/Banana.exe").

### Training an Agent
1. Run train_agents.py within the conda environment. Training will automatically stop once the goal is reached.
2. Adjust global parameters in train_agent.py and observe agent performance.

### Evaluating an Agent
1. If a new agent is trained, update the SAVED_MODEL filename in run_trained_agent.py to the filename based on the number of episodes achieved.
2. Run the run_trained_agent.py within the conda environment.

Commit message:

Updated train_agent.py to consider multiple seeds. Updated plotting and added barplot. Re-ran training and updated run_trained_agent.py to load in and demo the first agent. Added final report to repo.

README.md, after:

[//]: # (Image References)

[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135619-d90f2f28-7d12-11e8-8823-82b970a54d7e.gif "Trained Agent"

# Navigation

### Introduction

In this project, an agent was trained to navigate and collect yellow bananas in a large square world.

![Trained Agent][image1]

A reward of +1 is provided for collecting a yellow banana, and a reward of -1 is provided for collecting a blue banana.  Thus, the goal of the agent is to collect as many yellow bananas as possible while avoiding blue bananas.  

The state space has 37 dimensions and contains the agent's velocity, along with ray-based perception of objects around agent's forward direction.  Given this information, the agent has to learn how to best select actions.  Four discrete actions are available, corresponding to:
- **`0`** - move forward.
- **`1`** - move backward.
- **`2`** - turn left.
- **`3`** - turn right.

The task is episodic, and in order to solve the environment, the agent must get an average score of +13 over 100 consecutive episodes. The reward goal can be modified by adjusting the REWARD_GOAL in train_agent.py if desired.

### Getting Started

1. Set up conda environment using the following instructions: https://github.com/udacity/Value-based-methods#dependencies
2. Install seaborn for plotting (pip install seaborn)
3. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

    (_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agent on AWS (and have not [enabled a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md)), then please use [this link](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux_NoVis.zip) to obtain the environment.

4. Clone this repository
5. Place the environment directory in the root of this repository and unzip (or decompress) the file.
6. Based on which file was downloaded for your operating system, update ENV_PATH in train_agents.py to the "OS folder/environment file" (e.g. "Banana_Windows_x86_64/Banana.exe").

### Training an Agent
1. Run train_agents.py within the conda environment. Training will automatically stop once the goal is reached. Reduce N_TRAINING_SEEDS for less training iterations.
2. Adjust global parameters in train_agent.py and observe agent performance.

### Evaluating an Agent
1. Update SEED in run_trained_agent.py as desired to load a trained agent.
2. Run the run_trained_agent.py script within the conda environment.
